---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zendesk_view Resource - terraform-provider-zendesk"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a view resource.
---

# zendesk_view (Resource)

Provides a view resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# API reference:
#   https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/business-rules/views/

resource "zendesk_view" "example" {
  title       = "My View"
  description = "A custom view"
  active      = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The title of the view.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this view is available. Defaults to `true`.
- `all` (Block Set) Logical AND. All the conditions must be met. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--all))
- `any` (Block Set) Logical OR. Any condition can be met. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--any))
- `columns` (List of String) All the columns to display in the view.
- `description` (String) Describes the purpose of the view to users.
- `group_by` (String) Sort or group the tickets by a column in the View columns table.
- `group_order` (String) Sort order for grouping. Allowed values: asc, desc.
- `group_title` (String) Sort or group the tickets by a column in the View columns table.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `position` (Number) IMPORTANT! In order for this to take effect, an update on the resource is necessary, since only that triggers a call to update position.
- `restrictions` (Set of Number) Allowed group IDs that can access this view.
- `sort_by` (String) Sort or group the tickets by a column in the View columns table.
- `sort_order` (String) Sort order. Allowed values: asc, desc.
- `sort_title` (String) Sort or group the tickets by a column in the View columns table.

### Read-Only

- `url` (String) The URL for this view.

<a id="nestedblock--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `all`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator.
- `value` (String) The value of a ticket field.

<a id="nestedblock--any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `any`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The name of a ticket field.
- `operator` (String) A comparison operator.
- `value` (String) The value of a ticket field.
